then Joshua rose early in the morning
then Joshua rose early in the morning and they set out from acacia Grove and
and they set out from acacia Grove and
and they set out from acacia Grove and came to the Jordan he and all the
came to the Jordan he and all the
came to the Jordan he and all the children of Israel and lodged there
children of Israel and lodged there
children of Israel and lodged there before they crossed over so it was after
before they crossed over so it was after
before they crossed over so it was after three days that the officers went
three days that the officers went
three days that the officers went through the camp and they commanded the
through the camp and they commanded the
through the camp and they commanded the people when you see the Ark of the
people when you see the Ark of the
people when you see the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord your God and the
Covenant of the Lord your God and the
Covenant of the Lord your God and the priests the Levites bearing it then you
priests the Levites bearing it then you
priests the Levites bearing it then you shall set out from your place and go
shall set out from your place and go
shall set out from your place and go after it yet there shall be a space
after it yet there shall be a space
after it yet there shall be a space between you in it about two thousand
between you in it about two thousand
between you in it about two thousand cubits by measure do not come near it
cubits by measure do not come near it
cubits by measure do not come near it that you may know the way by which you
that you may know the way by which you
that you may know the way by which you must go or you have not passed this way
must go or you have not passed this way
must go or you have not passed this way before and Joshua said to the people
before and Joshua said to the people
before and Joshua said to the people sanctify yourselves for tomorrow the
sanctify yourselves for tomorrow the
sanctify yourselves for tomorrow the Lord will do wonders among you then
Lord will do wonders among you then
Lord will do wonders among you then Joshua spoke to the priests take up the
Joshua spoke to the priests take up the
Joshua spoke to the priests take up the Ark of the Covenant and cross over
Ark of the Covenant and cross over
Ark of the Covenant and cross over before the people so they took up the
before the people so they took up the
before the people so they took up the Ark of the Covenant and went before the
Ark of the Covenant and went before the
Ark of the Covenant and went before the people and the Lord said to Joshua this
people and the Lord said to Joshua this
people and the Lord said to Joshua this day I will begin to exhort you in the
day I will begin to exhort you in the
day I will begin to exhort you in the sight of all Israel that they may know
sight of all Israel that they may know
sight of all Israel that they may know that as I was with Moses so I will be
that as I was with Moses so I will be
that as I was with Moses so I will be you shall command the priests who ver
you shall command the priests who ver
you shall command the priests who ver the Ark of the Covenant saying when you
the Ark of the Covenant saying when you
the Ark of the Covenant saying when you have come to the edge of the water of
have come to the edge of the water of
have come to the edge of the water of the Jordan you shall stand in the Jordan
the Jordan you shall stand in the Jordan
the Jordan you shall stand in the Jordan so Joshua said to the children of Israel
so Joshua said to the children of Israel
so Joshua said to the children of Israel come here and hear the words of the Lord
come here and hear the words of the Lord
come here and hear the words of the Lord your God by this you shall know that the
your God by this you shall know that the
your God by this you shall know that the Living God is among you and that he will
Living God is among you and that he will
Living God is among you and that he will without fail drive out from before you
without fail drive out from before you
without fail drive out from before you the Canaanites and the Hittites and the
the Canaanites and the Hittites and the
the Canaanites and the Hittites and the highlights and the perizzites and the
highlights and the perizzites and the
highlights and the perizzites and the girgashites and the amorite and the
girgashites and the amorite and the
girgashites and the amorite and the jebusites behold the Ark of the Covenant
jebusites behold the Ark of the Covenant
jebusites behold the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord of all the earth is crossing
of the Lord of all the earth is crossing
of the Lord of all the earth is crossing over before you into the Jordan now
over before you into the Jordan now
over before you into the Jordan now therefore take for yourselves twelve men
therefore take for yourselves twelve men
therefore take for yourselves twelve men from the tribes of Israel one man from
from the tribes of Israel one man from
from the tribes of Israel one man from every tribe and it shall come to pass as
every tribe and it shall come to pass as
every tribe and it shall come to pass as soon as the soles of the feet of the
soon as the soles of the feet of the
soon as the soles of the feet of the priests who bear the ark of the Lord the
priests who bear the ark of the Lord the
priests who bear the ark of the Lord the Lord of all the earth shall rest in the
Lord of all the earth shall rest in the
Lord of all the earth shall rest in the waters of the Jordan that the waters of
waters of the Jordan that the waters of
waters of the Jordan that the waters of the Jordan shall be cut off the waters
the Jordan shall be cut off the waters
the Jordan shall be cut off the waters that come down from upstream and they
that come down from upstream and they
that come down from upstream and they shall stand as a heap so it was when the
shall stand as a heap so it was when the
shall stand as a heap so it was when the people set out from their camp to cross
people set out from their camp to cross
people set out from their camp to cross over the Jordan with the priests bearing
over the Jordan with the priests bearing
over the Jordan with the priests bearing the Ark of the Covenant before the
the Ark of the Covenant before the
the Ark of the Covenant before the people and as those who bore the ark
people and as those who bore the ark
people and as those who bore the ark came to the jaw and the feet of the
came to the jaw and the feet of the
came to the jaw and the feet of the priests who bore the ark dipped in the
priests who bore the ark dipped in the
priests who bore the ark dipped in the edge of the water for the Jordan
edge of the water for the Jordan
edge of the water for the Jordan overflows all its banks during the whole
overflows all its banks during the whole
overflows all its banks during the whole time of harvest that the waters which
time of harvest that the waters which
time of harvest that the waters which came down from the upstream Stood Still
came down from the upstream Stood Still
came down from the upstream Stood Still and rose in a heap very far away at Adam
and rose in a heap very far away at Adam
and rose in a heap very far away at Adam the city that is besides Arata
the city that is besides Arata
the city that is besides Arata so the waters that went down into the
so the waters that went down into the
so the waters that went down into the sea of Erika the salt sea failed and
sea of Erika the salt sea failed and
sea of Erika the salt sea failed and were cut off and the people crossed over
were cut off and the people crossed over
were cut off and the people crossed over opposite Jericho then the priests who
opposite Jericho then the priests who
opposite Jericho then the priests who bore the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord
bore the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord
bore the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord stood firm on dry ground in the midst of
stood firm on dry ground in the midst of
stood firm on dry ground in the midst of the job and all Israel crossed over on
the job and all Israel crossed over on
the job and all Israel crossed over on dry ground until all the people had
dry ground until all the people had
dry ground until all the people had crossed completely over the job